Fowler Designs gave real simple the
challenge of creating a living room that
functions as a family room our goal was
to create a space that is sophisticated
but not intimidating when I design a
room that needs to be family friendly I
just think of stress-free living do you
want your children to be able to hang
out there you want your guests to be
able to hang out there you should really
consider washability durability and no
sharp corners I'm obsessed with the
yellow sofa it's like velvet it's on
trend with the color but it's also
classic the velvet it's up to 100,000
rub pounds it's very durable and you can
just wipe it clean the rug is
indoor/outdoor so if you have like a
high-traffic area you can just easily
take it outside hose it off let it dry
bring it back in the shed and the
wingback chair are upholstered in
Sunbrella fabrics which are also
indoor/outdoor and spills wood just
rolled right off it's important for a
room to be bright because you want
people to be happy we have lots of
patterns but you'll also notice that we
have stark white accessories that
breathe the rhythm but also creates a
resting space for the eye the mixing
pattern is very tricky like decorators
know how to do it but in order for you
to do it at home you really need to
think about colors if you stick to three
colors that are very similar like grey
black and white it just makes it so easy
art can be very intimidating one way to
add instant drama is just to get one big
piece of art that you love there are
lots of different pieces of furniture in
this room and from how we maintain the
airiness of it exposed furniture legs
create airiness nothing is sitting on
the floor which usually makes things
feel heavy in this room it's always
sophisticated and very comfortable so
you don't have to sacrifice family be
who you are
create your own style and also let your
kids enjoy it as well
you